General rewrite/reorganization of required function section (#81)
IviFoundation/IviDrivers: IviDriverAnsiC/1.0/Spec/IviDriverAnsi-C.md

  - [Thread Safety](#thread-safety)
  - [Base IVI-ANSI-C API](#base-ivi-ansi-c-api)
    - [Required Driver API Mapping Table](#required-driver-api-mapping-table)
    - [ANSI-C Initialize Functions](#ansi-c-initialize-functions)
    - [Additional Required Functions for IVI-ANSI-C Drivers](#additional-required-functions-for-ivi-ansi-c-drivers)
      - [Error Message Function](#error-message-function)

>       - [Error Query All Function](#error-query-all-function)

Author: ```suggestion
```

| ------------- | ------------------- | ------------  |
| resource_name |   Resource Name     |  const char * |
| id_query      |   ID Query          |  bool         |
| reset         |   Reset             |  bool         |

The `<driver_identifier>_init_with_options()` function includes an *options* string used to specify initial settings and various configuration for the driver using name-value pairs. The format of the *options* string shall be: `<name1>=<value>;<name2>=<value>;...`.

For the initialization functions *simulation* is initially disabled unless specified otherwise by using the `<driver_identifier>_init_with_options()` function and specifying in the *options* string that *simulation* is enabled.

IVI-ANSI-C drivers may implement additional initializers.

### Additional Required Functions for IVI-ANSI-C Drivers

In addition to the functions required by the [IVI Driver Core Specification](#link), IVI ANSI-C drivers shall also implement:

| Required API     |  Description |
|------------------|------------- |
| Error Message    | This function converts a non-zero return value from a function into a human-readable error message.  |

#### Error Message Function

> The *Error Message Function* converts an error returned by an ANSI-C driver function call into a human readable string.  Note that this function does not accept a session parameter. If the passed *error* code is not defined by the driver, the driver should return an appropriate error message.

Author: ```suggestion
The *Error Message Function* converts an error returned by an ANSI-C driver function call into a human readable string.  If the passed *error* code is not defined by the driver, the driver should return an appropriate error message.
```

int32_t <driver_identifier>_driver_version_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, char* version_out);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_driver_vendor_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, char* vendor_out);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_error_query(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, int32_t* error_code_out, char* error_message_out);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_instrument_manufacturer_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, char* manufacturer_out);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_instrument_model_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, char* model_out);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_query_instrument_status_enabled_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, bool* instrument_status_enabled_out);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_query_instrument_status_enabled_set(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, bool instrument_status_enabled);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_reset(<DriverIdentifier>Session session);
int32_t <driver_identifier>_simulate_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, bool* simulate_out)
int32_t <driver_identifier>_supported_instrument_models_get(<DriverIdentifier>Session session, char* supported_instrument_models_out)

/* Additional functions required for ANSI-C Drivers */

> char* <driver_identifier>_error_message(int32_t error);

Author: ```suggestion
int32_t <driver_identifier>_error_message(<DriverIdentifier>Session, int32_t error, int32_t error_message_size, char **error_message, int32_t* actual_error_message_size);
```

| Simulate Enabled                | <driver_identifier>_simulate_get                 |
| Supported Instrument Models     | <driver_identifier>_supported_instrument_models_get() |

### ANSI-C Initialize Functions

The IVI-ANSI-C drivers shall implement two initializers, one which permits specifying options.

The parameters to the initialize function are defined in the [IVI Driver Core Specification](#link).  The following table shows their names and types for ANSI-C:

| Inputs        |     Description     |    Data Type  |
| ------------- | ------------------- | ------------  |
| resource_name |   Resource Name     |  const char * |
| id_query      |   ID Query          |  bool         |
| reset         |   Reset             |  bool         |

> For the initialization functions *simulation* is initially disabled.  Unless specified otherwise by using <driver_identifier>_init_with_options() and specifying in the *options* string that *simulation* is enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
For the initialization functions *simulation* is initially disabled unless specified otherwise by using <driver_identifier>_init_with_options() and specifying in the *options* string that *simulation* is enabled.
```

| ------------- | ------------------- | ------------  |
| resource_name |   Resource Name     |  const char * |
| id_query      |   ID Query          |  bool         |
| reset         |   Reset             |  bool         |

The `<driver_identifier>_init_with_options()` function includes an *options* string used to specify initial settings and various configuration for the driver using name-value pairs. The format of the *options* string shall be: `<name1>=<value>;<name2>=<value>;...`.

For the initialization functions *simulation* is initially disabled unless specified otherwise by using the `<driver_identifier>_init_with_options()` function and specifying in the *options* string that *simulation* is enabled.

IVI-ANSI-C drivers may implement additional initializers.

### Additional Required Functions for IVI-ANSI-C Drivers

In addition to the functions required by the [IVI Driver Core Specification](#link), IVI ANSI-C drivers shall also implement:

| Required API     |  Description |
|------------------|------------- |
| Error Message    | This function converts a non-zero return value from a function into a human-readable error message.  |

> | Error Query All | This function behaves like the error query function except that the instrument error queue is read repeatedly until it is empty. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Error Query All | This function behaves like the *Error Query* function except that all errors in the instrument error queue are read and returned. |
```
